0. Miller thinks it's to expensive. 
1. Pepsi's customers are way to count more then 10.
2. Cola dosen't want to show extreme sport in promtions.
3. Monster drink wan'ts it customers to snore the glue.
4. RED BULL - final customer.
 

Concept

1.		SHIP PRODUCT TO CORRY
	Corrie likes products.
	He was impressed when that other guy.
	Bring him demo and when I bring him demo.

2.		SELL IDEA : "2 Dollars for each 1 Dollar you spend"

3.		Rick & Morty Like advertisment. Mister Puppy buthole


Ideas
	- Of scene sound
Keep It  short
	- Static images
	- Low quality
	- Images from internet

Super Direct text
	- Honesty
	- Its  aweseom
	- Explosions
Ending with train with romantic music




Blende 
Cycle (Photo Realsistic)

Blender Scense 

 Scene one 
	
	One bottle of red bull on one side
	One Bottles of red Bull on other side
	Bridge between two bottles of Red Bull

 Scene Two 
	
	Three bottle of red bull Pyramide like on one side
	Bottle Bottles of red Bull on other side
	Bridge between two bottles of Red Bull

 Scene Three 
	
	10 bottle of red bull Pyramide like on one side
	5 bottle of red bull Pyramide like in the Center
	19 Bottle Bottles of red Bull on other side
	Bridge between two bottles of Red Bull


 Scene Four  

	 The same as scene 3 But with Monser instea of redbull

 Scene  Five  

	 The same as scene 3 But with CocaCola instea of redbull

 Scene six  

	 The same as scene 3 But with Bear instea of redbull




Video Script



Safety verning.

You like  the game but dosen't want to drink red bull.

Not and issue.
Because it's better to build with full sealed bottles.

Don't use empty or used bottles for construction.

But what to do if you wan't play the game and drink red bull.

Then just buy two bottle for each one you need for constructions.

Be SMART. if you need 10 bottle for construction. And you will endup drinking them all.
Then buy 20 so you will have stable construstion from 10 bottles
and will end up drinking 10 bottles of red Bull..

And use the glue  to stick construction 


			- Unownwn voice Khe-Khe: The followed up monolog about Monster clients snoring the glue.
			And that if we recomend them to use the glue they will just endup snoring the glue instead of buying monster drink.

			- Is there any energy drink manufactorer who wan'ts Expensive advertisment app. And whos clients do not snore the glue.

			- So you know the guy?

			"R-E-E-E-D BULL" = Word by word with intonation.

What if you build all levels

