
 1. Red bull video promotion


2. Pre word
The prisentation will take 15 mintues.
You're time is money.I wont to save them.

Give me those 15 mintes without interupting.
If you have any question during presenation. 
Write them down I will answer them after presentation.
If during the presenation I ask you some question.
Just simplie anwer YES or NO.
That way we will waste minimum amount of money.

		
3. Presentation

Assured	2 doallars profit 
from each 1 dollar you pay

What I will do for you
	
-  Voodoo games
-  Making profit with math
-  CPI and CPV 
-  The product
-  Dosen't matter what 
		The product is the client
		My  Final product is a client
		Dosen't metter what he is buying 
		- Web or just app, AR or just app.
		or maybe Disnay 
		- You can approve every idea. 
-  sales funnel
-  Profit, parts, trail, e.t.c
	Copyright, owner of everything.

- 100% profit garanty.

-  Expectatios 
	- how much money I plant to earn for you
	- My personal pitching plan "Disnay" brain scan market
	- Elong musk hype e.t.c.
	- If you say no okay.

	



4.  Unity Demo
		- vuforia scene  
		- Road Builder
		- Racing game
		- HQ unity project to show "Boat Attack" 
		- A single click making changes.
		- In AR Video 
		- In Blender demo
		- In Unity
		- Web version
		- Lyamda comression work.
				"Allowing powerfull machine"
				"does the job instead of local"
		- PoC of lyamda compression was 
		simple Blender web version.
 
5. The deal 


		- 50,000 $ i
		- 12,500 every weak waste
		- F*ck burocracy and let
			me make money for you.
		- 5 pitches are ready .
		- Budget 5,000 $ to brig you cleints.
		
		- Verbal is enough for me.
		The deal is a deal.

		500,000 $ one way or another

		I don't need a paper. 
	
- What you got
		- I am diging for gold you give instruments and cave 
		I give you gold. you give me half of the profit.
		
		- fast Demos and videos
		- Clients

		- SDK improvemen as sub product
		- QA of SDK
		

- What you will have
	- Copyright 
	- Lyamda compression
		- Microsoft arcitecture 500,000 $ story.
		- I have PoC but not demo. To make more I need demo.
		- Beacuse they develop the same, And for hololens for lest 2 years
		- And as he put our will be more stable but your'es from what I saw will be faster
	  	- So it good to have 2 competative protocoles instead of one.
		- I can show 4k they can show only fullHD because of speed reasons.
	- Most important developer who ships not idea not protypes. 
	The developer who ships clients and makes 2 dolars from each dollar you pay him.

My always paying full price
	-Shiping deal then getting paied

 Trust 
- Give him all the sources sat him as owner.
	- If you decide
	to just refound in 2 Weeks.
	And use Github ownership to 
	just rip Lyamad compression.
	It's fine by me.
	It's the price that I am ready to pay
	To have a chance  to make 500,000$ from one Disnay deal
	with you till end of the year
- Set corry as an owner.
 Show case him some of it.

6. Final question.
Before you start question me questions.
I wan't to ask you three questions.
		1. Did you like  the presentation.




- Demo 
	- maybe
The simplest way is the best so no build, no webGL
				- Maybe phone connected
				- Mayber 

I plan to make minimum 50,000$ deal for you that month.
2 weeks are 12,500$ my cut is 6,250$ - development cost.
You're cut is clean 6,250 for presenting to the client.

Simplie putting each week I am not working you lose 6,250$ and I lose around 5,000$ .
So, please let's stop wasting money and start doing MAIN job.

!The deal is next all rights are youres. After we agree I set you github owner.

Just unity screen



! All this planning and nigotiation about cuts.
Is just simply doing something instead of the job.

Doing something instead of the job is supper unproductive.
We will have profit from videos and prototypies. 
Because client will then order app from us.

! Product of my work material to hook the client.
My finall product is a deal with a client.

When I am not doing material to hook the client.
							We simply losing money.

If we spend anoter 10 days or 1 month negotiating details.
And I will not do the protypies, videos, pitches and e.t.c.

We bough just simplie throw away tones of money on that.
Let's say it will take us anoter 1 weeks. 

 


Video demos

0. Web GL with boottle app downloaded by pressing a button.
1.	Red Bull (Monster, Coca Cola, Bear)
1.2 Star wargs game with deth star	

3. Doog Food (Shiting feeding cycle). (Baby food, Sport nutrition, Sleep cycle. Elder pepole pills)
4. Beer talking to you and just video


0. Completly your SDK.
1. We are QA for SDK we need it badly
2. Decission about a team For a client( Our team can make this app in 3 Weeks) 
	But you can buy only license and ask your team to do it. Our team will only do a Support
3. I brink Customers for the client. I bring client.
	NOT APP for you. Customer to you. NOT APP for Client DAU( Daily Active Users) for client.

4. Heart breaking through it can be not AR app. It can bee just app. 
	Yes maybe it's simple app with notification to feed and walk with your dog with purchising feature.
	But it's fine. All that important is to have more client engaged and more profit from it.
	It dosen't matter how I make 1,500,000 $ Money revenew per year. You have 2/3 1,000,000$ I have 1/3 500,000 from it.
	If it's all NOT AR apps. Dosen't metter you have successfull partner ship. And Yearly Revenew 1,500,000 $ for you company.
	That way you can run it forever. All you need to do is just spend 1,000,000 for clint  Based Development next year to douple the profit.


5. Platform automaticly generate apps for you.

6. I am gold digger. You give me SDK I give you gold. You sell gold and just give me a cut 1/3 . 
7. All intelectuall property is your. Customer by not only ready soltuion but as well the source and you do as well.
	So at any give point of time. You can just give the development for somebody else. All I need to do to save that position.
	


1 Month Development cycle
- Stage 0 Pitch
	We discuss app idea to bring clients
	

- Stage 1 Video + MPV

	a. In 1 Week we have video demo with any customer
	b. In one month we have 10 videos for 10 customers.
		- 2 Days one customer . 
	If MPV is 2/10 or lower. We propose them app for 50,000 $ (Royalty) or higher.
	If MPV is 4/10 or higher. We propose them app for 150,000 $(royalty) or higher.
		*MPV (Meetings Per Video)
		* Royalty basically means that we will not develop such app for any of other compnanies. 
		All will not give access to that part of SDK for next 5 years. And only this compnany is allowed
		To use this part of SDK for creating new products. Buy as or by it self up to the company.

	Roayality 5 year contract.

	c. As I mantianed before my product for you isn't Apps or AR or anthing it's Customers and Contracts.
	You have 8 customers with 1 years contract for just simplie Dog size/amount calculator + schaduale notifications.
		It's cool you earned 150,000$ pure income in 1 month + you have successfull relation ship and you can easilty pitch
		AR experience for the app or for new product easily in 6 month. Or just sell them license for 5,000$/Year. For SDK using + support.

- Stage 2 Protype Meeting.
	a. For each cutomer will be provided Unique App.
	It will 3 days to polish the App. And you have all competitions videos.

	b. You know how many meetings you have so you now the pricing based on MPV.
	c. Sign the contract.

- Stage 3 Making App.
	2 Weeks + 1 Week polishing QA.

In total 1 week demo (video + prototype)  + 3 week developemtn

- Stage 4 Repeat.


Deal 2 month trial 4,500$ + 25% from each client.

After 2 month 1K dollar for Lyamda compression + 1K dollar for each app builder I made 
+ 1K dollar/Month selary . 12K$/year all Intelectual property is yours.
But I have 50% from each client. 25% in cash 25% in stock 2 year contract.
And all I do belongs to the comany each third party I higher belongs to the company.


And I will bring you those Azure servers 500,000 dollars is very good to have for free.
I belive in 2 years I can easily make 10 millions or more based on that model.

Maybe in November I do NeroFeedback strawars atraction for Disnay. 
And we will have 200,000$ deal for roaylty. 
Success: Company profit will be 150,000$ in one month.
Failure: Company will pay me 1K $ and own all Intelectual property and all failed prototypes. 



for 1K SDK QA + unique protype every moneth + 10 clients engaged + 1 million for developer on company sale.
Stock formula: if I will made 4 milliont this year pofit for company.
The company stock price will gorwe 40 million dollars up. yearly cashflow * 10.
I will have only 1 million of it. 
And if you have 50% you will earn 20 millions in stock.

But nex year if I doule that My million will become 3 millions. + one new million.
And if you have 50% you will have 60 millions in stock.


ON my side I just need to earn 4,000,000 millions dollar for the compnay and I will git 1 million in cash.
And will have enough stock to never work in my life again. 

Higher 10 people, Working for 100 hours per week. Dosen't metter the sooner the better.

I am 100% profitable. 
Product shipment garanty.
On every 1 dollar spend I bring 2 dollars . The end.
I am gold digger. I bring only profit.
And intel if I spend 1 month trying to dig for gold.
And I found nothing. It's mean no gold there. you pay 1K.
And you 100% sure there is no gold.



Benefits
-	It dosen't metter Good code or Bad code. 
-   I don't ship code or ideas I ship clients.
-	No need to validate or approve my ideas
-	No need to vory about protytiping costs.
-	No need of motivation or micromanagment.
-	From each 1 dollary you spend your earn 2 dollars garanteed. 
-	I have 1 billion dollary idea. Answer Yes.	
		You don't even need to know about it, or like.
		You pay for only only after it brings you profit.
-	You don't need explain me what does customer need's. 
		I am looking and trying to figure it out on my own.
		And listen carefully to every detail and client idea on interview.
		I need to get all technology ideas and intel to get that client.
